README.md, before:

# Intro
This Repo is for contents of the AKS Accelerator
You find different Environments in this directory.
First, you need to go to [Shared](#shared) and execute the steps mentioned below. After that, you can decide if you want to move to Day1

## Shared
This needs to be done, before you do anything of Day 1 or Day 2
1. init terraform with `terraform init`
2. terraform apply `terraform apply`
3. import container `az acr import -n acrtest1dfsa23 --source mcr.microsoft.com/azuredocs/aci-helloworld --image aci-helloworld`

## Day 1
1. initialise terraform with `terraform init`
2. apply everything to your environment with `terraform apply`

## Day 2
1. initialise terraform with `terraform init`
2. apply everything to your environment with `terraform apply`
3. log in to your fresh aks cluster with `az aks get-credentials -n aks -g rg`
4. install your aci-helloworld to the cluster with `helm install aci-helloworld ./aci-hello -f aci-hello/values.yaml --set image.repository=acrtest1dfsa23.azurecr.io/aci-helloworld --set image.tag=latest`

Commit message:

Wolflad/argocd (#2)
* feat(Environment/Day2/outputs.tf): added aks/rg name outputs

* docs(README.md): added howto install argocd for day2

* docs(README.md): added namespace and info about already installed argocd

* feat(Environment/Day2/k8s_init/*|Makefile): added blank argo project and repo

* feat(Makefile): added helm_package function to package and upload the helm chart

* feat(*): Added helm push and made it easyier to destroy all

* fix(Makefile): fixed make plan

* fix(*): unmarshal error

* fix(*): added oci enabled repo

* feat(Makefile): gets login creds for helm registry and pushes it

README.md, after:

# Intro
This Repo is for contents of the AKS Accelerator
You find different Environments in this directory.
First, you need to go to [Shared](#shared) and execute the steps mentioned below. After that, you can decide if you want to move to Day1

## Shared
This needs to be done, before you do anything of Day 1 or Day 2
1. init terraform with `terraform init`
2. terraform apply `terraform apply`
3. import container `az acr import -n acrtest1dfsa23 --source mcr.microsoft.com/azuredocs/aci-helloworld --image aci-helloworld`

## Day 1
1. initialise terraform with `terraform init`
2. apply everything to your environment with `terraform apply`

## Day 2
1. initialise terraform with `terraform init`
2. apply everything to your environment with `terraform apply`
3. log in to your fresh aks cluster with `make aks_get_credentials`
4. install your aci-helloworld to the cluster with `helm install aci-helloworld ./aci-hello -f aci-hello/values.yaml --set image.repository=acrtest1dfsa23.azurecr.io/aci-helloworld --set image.tag=latest`
5. install argocd
  - `helm repo add argocd https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm`
  - `helm install argocd argo/argo-cd -n argocd --create-namespace`
  > if you had argocd installed before, add --set crds.install=false
6. access argocd
  - `kubectl port-forward service/argocd-server -n default 8080:443`
  - get the secret with `kubectl -n default get secret argocd-initial-admin-secret -o jsonpath="{.data.password}" | base64 -d`
  - go to your browser and type [https://localhost:8080](https://localhost:8080)
    for the username use `admin` and the password is the one you got from the step before. Copy it without the `%` at the end
